Go version for source build (#107) (#120)
ConsenSys/doc.goquorum: docs/GetStarted/Install.md

### GoQuorum

!!! note

    We recommend installing from official containers or release binaries rather than building from source.  If you build

>     from source, use the [this version of Go](https://github.com/ConsenSys/quorum/blob/master/go.mod).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from source, use Go version 1.15 or later.
```
